Chu Feng Chu Feng
Chu
wind
Damn let him escape again
Yaoyao
Chu Feng is gone, you seem to be in a hurry
No no no no
I didn't expect the prescription to be so powerful
He takes care of me so much
Gave me so much money again
At the same time, he also promised me to go to the exquisite banquet together
He must like me
So to speak
He must be ready to be my boyfriend
Chu Feng is Mr. Yunmo
Now there is such a layer of identity
Although I don't know why he is so helpful to the world
But he was a talented, good man.
In order to help me, I also offended Liu Xiong earlier.
Compared to him, it should be me
I didn't expect my junior brother to be so powerful
But I learned all the skills of my senior sister
I haven't seen you in just a few years, and you still have such wealth
Sure enough, only people like my junior brother are worthy of me
Chu Feng, is he that person?
That's what he called me outside today.
Not just for pretending to be my boyfriend
He must have real feelings for me
What if he were that person?
Oops, I suddenly missed me
Hahaha
Yeah, someone bought my stuff online
I have to go and ship it.
I'll go first, bye, uh, I look the same
I'm going to relax
Uh-huh.
I'll go.
Who?
Chu Fang, is that you?
Hey, what a coincidence